Fix ortographic mistakes (#4288)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/processing/john_snow.rst

   please add it also to the substitutions.txt file in the
   source folder.

> .. |updatedisclaimer| replace:: :disclaimer:`Docs in progress for 'QGIS testing'. Visit http://docs.qgis.org/2.18 for QGIS 2.18 docs and translations.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |updatedisclaimer| replace:: :disclaimer:`Docs in progress for 'QGIS testing'. Visit https://docs.qgis.org/3.4 for QGIS 3.4 docs and translations.`
```
